== Hi girls,
Had some problems at the beginning, because I updated my Mac OS to Mountain Lion.
When it tried to fetch new gems, it didn't find some commands, like 'make', so it stopped.
If you experience simmular problems, you have to
1. Install the newest version of Xcode on your Mac
2. In the new Xcode's preferences, there you find Downloads, where you should install the 'Command Line Tools'

During I set up the framework, I followed the first steps of the Hartl Tutorial.
Thought, it's easier for most of us, if we have something to lean on.

Dani 

== USED VERSIONS

Rails 3.2.7
Ruby 1.9.3p194

Note for windows users: we now use twitter bootstrap, which has known issues with windows.  If you find a fix or workaround that allows you to develop with it on windows, please update this page.

== Interesting info
=== Console

The console is a Ruby shell, which allows you to interact with your
application's domain model. Here you'll have all parts of the application
configured, just like it is when the application is running. You can inspect
domain models, change values, and save to the database. Starting the script
without arguments will launch it in the development environment.

To start the console, run <tt>rails console</tt> from the application
directory.

Options:

* Passing the <tt>-s, --sandbox</tt> argument will rollback any modifications
  made to the database.
* Passing an environment name as an argument will load the corresponding
  environment. Example: <tt>rails console production</tt>.

To reload your controllers and models after launching the console run
<tt>reload!</tt>

More information about irb can be found at:
link:http://www.rubycentral.org/pickaxe/irb.html


=== dbconsole

You can go to the command line of your database directly through <tt>rails
dbconsole</tt>. You would be connected to the database with the credentials
defined in database.yml. Starting the script without arguments will connect you
to the development database. Passing an argument will connect you to a different
database, like <tt>rails dbconsole production</tt>. Currently works for MySQL,
PostgreSQL and SQLite 3.

Devise Tips:

Some setup you must do manually if you haven't yet:

  1. Ensure you have defined default url options in your environments files. Here 
     is an example of default_url_options appropriate for a development environment 
     in config/environments/development.rb:

       config.action_mailer.default_url_options = { :host => 'localhost:3000' }

     In production, :host should be set to the actual host of your application.

  2. Ensure you have defined root_url to *something* in your config/routes.rb.
     For example:

       root :to => "home#index"

  3. Ensure you have flash messages in app/views/layouts/application.html.erb.
     For example:

       <p class="notice"><%= notice %></p>
       <p class="alert"><%= alert %></p>

  4. If you are deploying Rails 3.1 on Heroku, you may want to set:

       config.assets.initialize_on_precompile = false

     On config/application.rb forcing your application to not access the DB
     or load models when precompiling your assets.

